Update configure-md-app-guard.md (#10406)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-application-guard/configure-md-app-guard.md

|Allow Microsoft Defender Application Guard to use Root Certificate Authorities from a user's device|Windows 10 Enterprise, 1809 or higher<br><br>Windows 10 Pro, 1809 or higher<p>Windows 11|Determines whether Root Certificates are shared with Microsoft Defender Application Guard.|**Enabled.** Certificates matching the specified thumbprint are transferred into the container. Use a comma to separate multiple certificates.<p>**Disabled or not configured.** Certificates are not shared with Microsoft Defender Application Guard.|
|Allow auditing events in Microsoft Defender Application Guard|Windows 10 Enterprise, 1809 or higher<br><br>Windows 10 Pro, 1809 or higher<p>Windows 11|This policy setting allows you to decide whether auditing events can be collected from Microsoft Defender Application Guard.|**Enabled.** Application Guard inherits auditing policies from your device and logs system events from the Application Guard container to your host.<p>**Disabled or not configured.** event logs aren't collected from your Application Guard container.|
 

> ## Application Guard support dialogue settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Application Guard support dialog settings
```

> These settings are located at `Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Windows Security\Enterprise Customization`. If an error is encountered, the user is presented with a dialog. By default, this dialog only contains the error information and a button for them to report it to Microsoft via feedback hub. However, it is possible to supplement additional information in the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings are located at `Administrative Templates\Windows Components\Windows Security\Enterprise Customization`. If an error is encountered, you are presented with a dialog box. By default, this dialog box only contains the error information and a button for you to report it to Microsoft via the feedback hub. However, it is possible to provide additional information in the dialog box.
```

> [Use Group Policy to enable and customize contact information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-security-center/wdsc-customize-contact-information#use-group-policy-to-enable-and-customize-contact-information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[Use Group Policy to enable and customize contact information](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-security-center/wdsc-customize-contact-information#use-group-policy-to-enable-and-customize-contact-information).
```
